To Do:
Get Best Move for player
Get Best Move for oppenent
Work out possible lines through the board and make those more important tiles
Weights for the board based on current board states
Work out best opening moves and when to swap


Heuristics:
Path Finding algorithm for finding shortest Path
Starter Weights for opening move : actue corners are bad, middle is good, edge is a good move against experienced players
Board State Score

STRATEGY:

Generate rules for how the game should be played based on states

Player 1 and 2 instead of red and black so that we can rotate the board and work out best opponent move
Min-max using roation of the board

The two-bridge strat

Blocking moves

Best defense is a good offense

Work out weak points in their chain, e.g. a missed double bridge
unless you are making a sequence of forcing plays, it is generally easier to think in terms of good defense than good offense regardless of whether you are currently winning or losing

The player who is dictating the play is said to have the momentum. 
Alternatively, the momentum is against the player who is being forced to respond to the opponent. 
The player with the momentum usually has the advantage and this advantage is often decisive. 
You should generally not hand over the momentum to the opponent unless you have a very good reason for doing so. 
In well played close matches, the momentum often swings between the two players with each move.

Multiple threats per move
Whenever possible, a player should make each move achieve at least two different goals or threats. 
Moves that contain only a single threat are generally not hard to meet. If a move contains multiple threats, the opponent may not be able to stop all the threats with a single move.

The center
The central region of the board is strategically the most important area. 
From the center, connections can spread out in many directions giving you more flexibility and options than starting from an edge. 
Furthermore, centrally played pieces are more nearly equidistant from both of your edges — this is related to point 3.1 about improving your weakest link. 
The greater distance apart two pieces are, the harder they are to connect up, i.e. their potential link is weaker.

The opening
Without the swap rule, the initial move would be easy. 
Playing in the center hex is the strongest opening move. 
The weakest opening move is to play in one of the acute corners (a1 and the opposite corner) and is one of only two opening moves that are a proven loss (without the swap option). 
The other is right next to it at b1. Suppose the vertical player moves first. 
Which opening moves should you swap and which should you not swap? The following is my personal rules for the 10 × 10 board.

Good opening moves on the 10 × 10
The best opening moves against an experienced player are the border hexes (except don't open a1!) and b2 and c2. b2—d2 are probably the only good non-border moves against an experienced player (b2 is essentially equivalent to the move a2 which is a popular opening choice and there is almost no difference between b2 and c2). 
Against lesser experienced players you can play something stronger such as one out from the obtuse corner (b9/i2) because they might not realize its strength and even if they do swap, they may not be capable of taking advantage of it anyway.
a2/b2 and a3 both lead to a balanced game and seem to be the most popular choices. Except for games between expert players, you can safely play either side of a2/b2 or a3 and have an equal chance of winning (and similarly for other opening plays). 
Also some variation in opening play is generally good. Varying your opening is the first thing to try against an opponent that seems to have your number. 
Sometimes you can find a weakness in a player's personal swap rules by trying out different openings.

The second and third moves
A very common but not the only good response to a border opening is to play in one of the two central hexes e6 or f5.
The third move in response to a central reply should be a blocking move on the side of e6/f5 that is farthest from the edge. 
e6 is one hex closer to the left edge and f5 is one hex closer to the right edge. 
In accordance with the principle of exploiting your opponent's weakest link, you should therefore block f5 on the left and e6 on the right. 
Thus, a typical opening sequence would be a2, swap, f5, c6. In my opinion, the strength of the central response is overrated; 
practically any move that is not in one of the 3 rows closest to your border rows and that is also not too close to the opponent's border, is a near equally good response. If there is any difference in strength, it is for all practical purposes non-existent.

